# 2023-08-15

Third day in. We had our first night at the hostel. I couldn't sleep in the
second half and instead dreamt about how I want to develop the story of the
game.

## Plot

You start out as a young adult inheriting the work of your parent.
They moved from a nearby village to a young city that engages in trading.
Your grandparents are still living in the village, herding sheep and sell
the wool in the city.

A mercantor informs you about the death of your parent. They accompanied the
crew of their two ships when they were attacked by pirates. Their ship didn't
make it back.
He has trust in you because you accompanied your parent on business in town.

So you are granted a budget of 100 sc (silver coins). The expectation is to
pay back the sum after a year and a month with an interest of 5 percent.

You have the opportunity to ask questions on how to run a business as
mercantor.

## Pathways

You can play as mercantor and engage in trading by ships. Highest risk but
also highest reward. It's also possible to trade on roads but those take
longer and therefore aren't as profitable. Or you move back to your
grandparents and herd sheeps. Stable but low income.

## Mechanics

Price is the intersection point between supply and demand, both modelled as
lines. Their properties change over time. I want to model seasoned effects as
sine that is transformed from 2xPI to 12. Then I can change the phase to
influence the months and the amplitude on the effect. They control the slope.
Demand can be temporarily raised with advertisement.

There is a reputation system that influences intetests on money loaned.

To open a new port, a travel there will be required (via land or sea).
This adds a risk to add a strategic component.

## Open questions

If I progress months automatically, how can I give control to people with
needs here? Instead use action points that can be spend?

What do I do during waiting months?

How much do I need to explain economics? Can I do that using a linked out
page?

What types of ships and building and products do I want to allow? Unlockable?
