# 2023-08-20

Today is the lastday of our vacation. So not much activity because we had to
pack.

I finished up the activity of yesterday by implementing unloading as well as
advancing to the next month.

This will impact several areas of the game:

- month and year
- movement of ships
- supply and demand of cities
- stock in warehouses
- costs of running business
- reputation in cities
- history entry
- save in local storage

I will name my game with something aroumd Baltic League. The Hanseatic one
also spanned the sea but I want to limit myself here.

Then I also did some research on how the water moves in the Baltic Sea
under the assumption that a couple hundred years haven't cganged too much.
I learned about some new official parts of my government and a file format
used for the uppermost parts of the sea. Will study it with a laltop since
there appears to be no app on F-Droid that can consume it.

Finally I also researched the fruits and crop with seasonal grow.
It will impact the supply and demand.

I was thinking about defining production and consumption by city with respect
to month and year. Completely deterministic. If there's more production than
consumption I'm going to have the surplus as supply. The other way will
determine the demand. With each progress in time, I'm subtracting the
consumption from production and warehouse supply. If you fill the warehouse
you can make revenue without sending ships constantly.

Once you have a second ship I could imagine to allow for scripting trade trips
that are handled without manual intervention.
