# 2022-08-13

Today the new [#js13kgames][js13kgames] competition launched.

Tomorrow we're going on vacation, so I wasn't able to participate on the
kick-off event. When checking in the evening a recording was still not
uploaded.

But I spent some time on initial research on the subject. This year the topic
is _13th century_. That is the timespan between 1200 and 1299 included.
In Europe quite a lot happened in that timespan. Here are ideas that came to
my mind:

- WebVR about a bow contest. Placing concentric circles in space and staring
  at it doesn't sound too challenging. Plus, it's a mechanic that can be played
  with cardboard, too. Debounce until the gaze is within a certain treshold,
  then raise the strength meter. Similar to how golf games used the space bar.
- Tower Defence on protecting a castle. Resource management with growing the
  crops in the area around and recruit military.
- Beginning of the Hanseatic League. This resonates the strongest with me.
  I grew up in that area and took quite a lot of pictures whem vacationing
  there in previous years. There was a DOS game from the 80s I have fond
  memories on. It boils down to an economic simulation with little combat.

I'm going with the sim over my vacation.

## Today's achievement

I set up my boilerplate repo using a service I plan to productize:

[commit diff 85b1938a524d34008e26e1a9dbb1aa7aad0b6476 to 0fbf9f42e236dae581010419d6f1b193fe7997fc][diff]

### Setup

Since server category is not decided on yet I'm going for client-only for now.
The rendering will still be using HTML and SVG driven by a data store.

## Next steps

Travel. The rules demand hosting on GitHub but that doesn't stop me from
self-hosting.

### Codewise

- [ ] Pick a name and adjust `single.html` and `rollup.config.js`.

## See also

I'm going to reference Wikipedia articles here once I have Internet.

[diff]: https://code.jaenis.ch/js13kgames/js13kgames-2023/compare/85b1938a524d34008e26e1a9dbb1aa7aad0b6476...0fbf9f42e236dae581010419d6f1b193fe7997fc
